[Music]
what you cooking lasagna for guide the
center oh the cute cute he's 84 that I
have a hair on his head or real tooth in
his mouth and his body's covered with
little spots to answer a question he's
adorable
great costume I got for the masquerade
ball I can't decide whether to be the
front end of the rear end I'm in a
romantic mood I'm gonna let that goes
opportunity pass right boss doom IV I
got our costume for the masquerade ball
at the Counseling Center now is it time
for that again always the biggest social
event of the season it'll be fun I will
not be fun there was no fun in my life
have you ever felt like you're stuck in
a rut going through the motions with
with no joy or pleasure or excitement
sure that was my sex life with your
father mom my job is routine I have
virtually no social life and nothing
interests me my life had just become
dull and boring where's that sense of
fun that's light-hearted laughter that's
devil-may-care attitude
Sophia rumors Dorothy ever like that
never I've been asked about these
questions since well
nothing you can't help it if you're dull
and boring God did that to give the
world some variety otherwise everybody
be just like me there wouldn't be enough
sailors to go around Dorothy your life
doesn't have to be dull he's up for you
to make it interesting oh I know you're
right so get off your Duff and do
something there's a lecture at the
school tonight Oh Barbara Thorndyke is
going to speak maybe I'll go to that
who's Bobby Thorndyke oh she's a local
novelist whose stories are all set in
Florida wait a second Barbara Thorndyke
didn't she write evil wind over
Pensacola or you knowing know what I got
a bet with it every night what's it
about how should I know
my mattress frame was the Casa I use it
to keep the bed level
[Music]
I'm expecting company Barbara Thorndyke
I introduced myself after the lecture we
went out and had coffee and talked for
hours
talk about literature world events life
I haven't had that stimulating a
conversation in years now Dorothy if you
say you can't get stimulating
conversation around this house I beg to
differ I can't believe it it says here
that since Michael Jackson can't buy the
Elephant Man he's not putting a bid for
the remains of the Big Bopper you can't
believe everything you read in that rag
they caters to people of the lowest
intelligence then why do you buy it
because it's the only newspaper Elvis
will talk to from beyond the grave I'm
sorry where was that oh it's not
important listen rose let's put this
away so that Barbara Thorndyke won't see
it
Thorndyke is coming here Wow I've never
met a real author before I have I wants
to combine two hours at a bookstore for
Arnold Schwarzenegger's autograph you
know when I think of great literary
figures of our time it's usually
Faulkner Fitzgerald under Schwarzenegger
did he sign your book yes but only after
he refused to sign my thigh maybe
probably intimidated to see a thigh
bigger than him
so hi MA anybody wanna lasagna I thought
you made that for your gentleman friend
he didn't want it he said he had lunch
already so I offered to go over to his
place tonight and warm it up to supper
he said no Sophia honey the key is to
make a man think you're not interested
in him offering you making dinner just
made you look too easy
please black underwear and pasties
couldn't make me look easy
[Applause]
come in come in these are my friends
Blanche Devereaux Rose Nylund Donny
tells us you're an author no I'm just a
writer Malinois is an author I thought
mallards with chocolate cookies with
marshmallow
those a mallomars road
Dorothy I want you to have a copy of my
latest no Scarlett John at Boca Raton
inscription to Dorothy Zbornak a new and
fascinating friends oh thank you so much
I'm really touched
look why don't I go ahead and get the
coffee and let the three of you get to
know each other
Barbara that is such a stunning broht
wherever did you get it oh I was in
Morocco working on a novel not to
mention a dashing young Moroccan a
severe attack of writer's block
my head was devoid of all ideas and
thoughts that happens to me a lot
do you write no why do you ask
yo mom diamond I went for a walk in a
crowded marketplace a man came up behind
me put something in my hand and said
this is what you need that happened to
me once in the produce section at the
AAP anyway the man gave me the brooch
and since then I've never had any
problem writing this is my muse my
artistic inspiration the embodiment of
my creativity and you know what's even
better it goes with anything it might be
a little tricky with plaid I'd be very
careful if I were you I think you missed
the point of my story oh really
run it by us again I think not you bowl
how's it going Dorothy I just had the
most delightful conversation with Rose
and Madge that's Blanche however I just
remembered a previous engagement I
really have to go oh that's too bad
well at least let me walk you to your
car what do you think there's something
about her I don't like me too
you're hard to talk to me - she thinks
I'm dumb
[Music]
hi Blanche
if you decided who you gonna be at the
masquerade ball yes I'm going as Eve
from the Garden of Eden all I'll need is
a few strategically placed leaves what
about snake oh I already have a snake
I'm going with hi Quinlan he's a
whiplash attorney
I don't think Rosen I think about going
to movies you want to go oh why can't
tonight no Barbara is taking me to the
experimental theater downtown somebody
dragged me to a show there one time
three men are mated around the stage for
five hours talking about God meat and
graham crackers they wore masks to cover
their faces but other than that they
were totally naked and you stayed
through the whole evening but one of the
actors looks so familiar to me
but it was hard to tell since he has
such a small power
Dorothy why don't you come with it y'all
have a lot more fun beside that Barbara
is so snooty rich how can you say that
you're hardly know her well then why
doesn't she ever include us in the plan
she makes with you because you have
different interests is it too much to
ask of my best friends that they respect
my right to have different interests and
different people in my life I guess not
thank you and I promise we'll do
something together real soon okay you
know maybe she's right we didn't give
Barbara much of a chance first
impressions can be wrong you're right I
remember when I was a little girl back
in st. Olaf there was this old lady who
lived up the street she never smiled I
mean she always looked angry the kid
said she'd kill anyway we even stepped
on our property we used to call her mean
old lady Hickenlooper yeah kids can be
pretty cruel no that was her name mean
old lady chicory he had a change lady
because everybody called me that but how
come your name is a big dummy well there
were already three other people in
but that's beside the point one day I
got up the courage to go up to mean old
lady Hickenlooper and ask her why she
always frowned
well she had been born with no smiling
muscles I pointed out that a frown is
just a smile turned upside down so from
then on whenever I go by she'd stand on
her head and my first impression of you
was rise of an idea why don't we invite
Barbara Thorndyke over for dinner and
give her another chance
sure why not it makes Dorothy happy
movies Rose what was your first
impression of me I thought you wore too
much makeup and we're a
I was wrong you don't wear too much milk
[Applause]
[Music]
and so Dorothy Bart returned to
Alexander Woollcott and said if you laid
all the women in this room and to end I
wouldn't be a bit surprised very very
clever I can't remember hearing anything
more clever unless it was last week on
Alf when the cat makes Barbara I picked
up your first novel the other day ah yes
so dark the waves on Biscayne Bay I've
grown so much as a writer since then
well I should hope so
no it's all right did you have a problem
with my book dear yes as a matter of
fact I did all those waves big waves
little waves dark waves rolling in page
after page I had to take a Dramamine to
get through Chapter three
blanch the waves are a metaphor you see
a metaphor I know what a metaphor is
dear I'm not a dummy what's a metaphor
it's when you use a phrase to mean
something else like when I say men are
blinded by my beauty they're not really
blinded they get the sight back in a day
or two Barbara this is my mother Sophia
ah Sophia your daughter is one of the
most beautiful people I've ever met
boy you writers never stop using your
imagination
are you going it's Saturday night I'm
all dressed up as a car honking for me
sink Dorothy remember something called a
date I think I'd better be going too but
it's still so early I thought we could
all have a game of overland flugel I
don't believe I've ever heard of that oh
we used to play it back in st. Olaf it's
an adult version of hide-and-go-seek and
how does it differ from the children's
version adults play it of course I
should have known I think I'll take a
rain check
Barbara was so nice of you to come but
either way Dorothy I have an extra
ticket for the writers symposium on
Friday would you like to come I'd love
to Barbara thank you anything for a
friend
ciao ciao and goodbye to you too Barbara
Dorothy the masquerade ball is Friday
night you know how much it means to me
I'm counting on you to be the rear end
of my horse
Rose sweetheart this Friday I can choose
between rubbing elbows with Norman
Mailer or doing the hokey-pokey in a
horse costume with your behind in my
face well which is it gonna be
[Music]
[Applause]
honey would you pass me the tuffet with
pleasure Blanche
Thank You Bo's you're more than welcome
Branch you can always count on me to
hand you the toffee hello that's why I
always that's you you know I think I saw
Jack and Janet give Chrissy this
treatment on an episode of Three's
Company Dorothy that even where you're
literate can understand I guess your
well of knowledge is run dry that's a
metaphor door
look why is it so important that I go to
this masquerade ball because it's so
important to Rhodes just look at her
goatee she's crushed
torn up devastated by your shocking
insensitivity to her feelings I don't
feel bad look I never said I was going
well since when do we have to say we're
going we've gone for the past five years
sure we may hate it but we always go you
never told me you hate it that's because
I'm a good friend and a good friend
would never say anything like that
I appreciate that place look why don't
you just admit that this is all because
you don't like Barbara Thorndyke God
don't like bar before night I think oh
this from a woman who tells her dates
that she was Angie Dickinson's body
double and dressed to kill then why is
it on your job resume Blanche is right
Dorothy Barbara is not very nice
I mean she looks down on everybody
except you and that's only because you
look up to her on about his ridiculous
you just don't notice how she uses her
intelligence to make everybody else look
stupid like tonight at supper when she
asked us to pass the salt in laughing oh
I think she cares more about words and
she does about people Dorothy you have a
right to have your own friends but
sometimes it takes a good friend to
point out your mistakes and I think
you're making one with Barbara Oh dare
you make judgments like that and how
dare you tell me who my friend should be
[Music]
this place is incredible
yes it's the hangout from Miami's
literary intelligentsia
well I've never seen a menu with a table
of contents before chapter 5 it's the
lunch menu gee everything sounds so good
the crepes of wrath the old man and the
seafood salad I think I will have the
for whom the stuffed bell pepper tokens
and I'll have a turkey sandwich on
Catcher in the Rye bread with a side
order of George Bernhard slaw you know
Barbara I've really come to value our
friendship and that's why I feel I can
talk to you about something that's been
bothering me feel free I know if I had a
problem I'd want to confide in someone
like me well ever since we became
friends there has been a great deal of
tension between Blanche and Rose admit
I'm sorry I didn't mean to infringe on
your friends oh no no it's not your
fault the problem is they feel left out
of our friendship and I don't know what
to do about it
face it Dorothy Blanche and Rose are
limited well I admit I get tired of
hearing about Blanche's dates and roses
relatives back in st. Olaf but they are
very good friends well if you like them
I must have overlooked something I have
an idea why don't I invite everybody and
their dates for dinner at the Mortimer
Club the Mortimer Club Barbara that is
the most exclusive club in town here we
are ladies I didn't order the French
fries all right you get the Edgar Allan
Poe taito's and the ice water cometh uh
you know a little of that goes a very
long way
[Music]
having second thoughts about spending
another evening with Barbara Thorndyke
oh I don't think it'll hurt to give her
another chance besides we're going to
the Mortimer Club thinking about the
Mortimer Club anyway goes the wealthiest
men in Florida go there that's always
been my experience that wealthy men make
the best lovers he said true no but if
you tell them that sometimes they'll
take you to the mall and let you use
that credit card for 45 minutes oh honey
I hope you don't mind I borrowed your
rhinestone necklace but I think I should
point out it was designed for a dainty
neck yes Blanche but I don't know Mike
Tyson well enough to borrow his jewels
[Music]
hello Madge
that's Blanche this is my date Norman
he's a student in my creative writing
course I didn't know you told high
school Norman and I are the same age
spiritually hey mrs. if you can get him
to buy back more power to you hello
there Barbara hi Dorothy Rose
I certainly hope tonight will help us
forget what happened the other night I
already forgot what happened the other
night we're gonna get on 82 years old
this morning I forgot my cat's been dead
for 20 years which makes me wonder who's
using the kitty litter
[Applause]
come in Oh Murray wha snazzy tux I
thought about let you out of my sight
tonight that's my daughter Dorothy yeah
these are her friends everybody I'd like
you to meet mari Guttman how do you tell
my nice to Marie
such a pleasure to meet you nice to meet
you too Joey could I see you in the
kitchen for a second we have a little
problem you do yes Murray Guttman Oh
maybe we can get him to turn his jacket
inside out I'm sure the lining isn't as
lack out his tuxedo has nothing to do
with it I don't understand he can't come
to the club why not
Goodman for what are you talking about
our jet man he's Jewish isn't he I don't
know what difference does it make Oh big
difference the Mortimer Club is
restricted Barbara why are you a member
of a club like that they serve a great
breakfast in the parking is free
besides it's their policy not mine yeah
but you tolerate it Dorothy I tolerate a
lot of things for instance I'm
tolerating this evening with rose and
Blanche because of my friendship with
you I can't believe I'm hearing this
well look let's not make a big thing out
of this obviously we can't go to the
Mortimer Club so we'll go to another
restaurant
boy did I misjudge you you know Blanche
and Rose were right you are not the kind
of person I want as a friend why don't
you go to the Mortimer Club by yourself
I don't understand let me spell it out
for you
go to him
[Applause]
what happened papi just stormed out of
here he's not coming back you know both
of you were right about her I can't
believe that I couldn't see it can you
ever forgive me why you think should we
give her another chance we're better
best friends are hard to come by did
this mean you'll go to the masquerade
ball yes and I'll tell you something
after all the practice I have had lately
I'd be honored to be the horses behind
[Music]
what you cooking lasagna for guide the
center oh the kids cute he's 84 doesn't
have a hair on his head or real tooth in
his mouth and his body's covered with
liver spots to answer your question he's
adorable a great costume I got for the
masquerade ball I can't decide whether
to be the front end of the rear end I'm
in a romantic mood I'm going with that
gold opportunity pass right boss do me I
got her costume for the masquerade ball
at the Counseling Center no is it time
for that again always the biggest social
event of the season it'll be fun it will
not be fun
there was no fun in my life have you
ever felt like you're stuck in a rut
going through the motions with with no
joy or pleasure or excitement sure that
was my sex life with your father ma my
job is routine I have virtually no
social life and nothing interests me my
life has just become dull and boring
where's that sense of fun that's like
how did laughter that devil-may-care
attitude
Sophia rumors Dorothy ever like that
never I've been asking these questions
such as well
nothing you can't help it if you're dull
and boring dawn did that to give the
world some variety
otherwise everybody be just like me
there wouldn't be enough sailors to go
around Dorothy your life doesn't have to
be dull it's up to you to make it
interesting
oh I know you're right so care if it
doesn't do something there's a lecture
at the school tonight Oh Barbara
Thorndyke is going to speak maybe I'll
go to that who's Bobby Thorndyke
oh she's a local novelist whose stories
are all set in Florida wait a second
Barbara Thorndyke didn't she write even
wind over Pensacola or you knowing know
what I got a bet with it every night but
what's it about how the hell should I
know
my mattress frame was the Casa I used to
keep the bed level
[Music]
I'm expecting company Barbara Thorndyke
I introduced myself after the lecture we
went out and had coffee and talked for
hours you talk about literature world
events life I haven't had that
stimulating a conversation in years now
Dorothy if you say you can't get
stimulating conversation around this
house I beg to differ I don't believe it
it says here that since Michael Jackson
can't buy the Elephant Man he's now
putting a bid for the remains of the Big
Bopper
you can't believe everything you read in
that rag
they caters to people of the lowest
intelligence then why do you buy it
because it's the only newspaper Elvis
will talk to from beyond the grave I'm
sorry where was I oh it's not important
listen rose let's put this away so that
Barbara Thorndyke won't see it Barbara
Thorndyke is coming here Wow I've never
met a real author before I have I wants
to deny two hours at a bookstore for
Arnold Schwarzenegger's autograph so now
when I think of great literary figures
of our time it's usually Faulkner
Fitzgerald under Schwarzenegger did he
sign your book yes but only after he
refused to sign my thigh they were
probably intimidated to see a thigh
bigger than air
so hi MA anybody wanna lasagna I thought
you made that for your gentleman friend
he didn't want it he said he had lunch
already so I offered to go over to his
place tonight and warm it up to supper
he said no Sophia honey the key is to
make a man think you're not interested
in him offering to make him dinner just
made you look too easy
please black underwear and pasties
couldn't make me look easy please come
in come in these are my friends Blanche
Devereaux Rose Nylund dotty tells us
you're an author no I'm just a writer
mallards an author I thought mallards
were chocolate cookies with my father
there's a mallomars road Dorothy I want
you to have a copy of my latest novel
Scarlett John at Boca Raton the
inscription to Dorothy Zbornak a new and
fascinating friends oh thank you so much
I'm really touched
look why don't I go ahead and get the
coffee and let the three of you get to
know each other
ah that is such a stunning wrote to ever
that you did it oh I was in Morocco
working on a novel not to mention a
dashing young Moroccan had a severe
attack of writer's block my head was
devoid of all ideas and thoughts that
happens to me a lot
do you write no y-yes
come on Barbara I went for a walk in a
crowded marketplace a man came up behind
me put something in my hand and said
this is what you need that happened to
me once in the produce section the AAP
anyway the man gave me the brooch and
since then I've never had any problem
writing this is my muse my artistic
inspiration the embodiment of my
creativity and you know what's even
better it goes with anything it might be
a little tricky with plaid I'd be very
careful if I were you I think you missed
the point of my story oh really
run it by us again I think not
so you bowl how's it going Dorothy I
just had the most delightful
conversation with Rose and Madge that's
Blanche however I just